AI Usage Journal 
Fatima Yasar
fyasar@umd.edu
Section 0203

Week 1
This week I used AI to help give me some examples while I was completing the week 1 exercises. 
I was a little lost at first since I am fairly new to coding and haven't coded since INST126 but after
asking ChatGPT and Gemini for some example codes using f-strings and strip(), I was able to get a refresher of
these concepts and continue to complete the exercises myself. I did not use AI for debugging.

Week 2
This week I used AI to help give me some ideas for our group project charter. 
I also explored a little with Claude and realized that I liked using Claude more compared to ChatGPT.
I did not use AI for the Week 2 exercises this week.

Week 3 
This week I experimented with claude and used it to help me debug some problems on the week 3 exercises. 
I also utilized it to give me examples when I was struggling. For the most part of the exercises 
I was able to complete them on my own however there were some instances where claude helped me to 
understand where I went wrong when I had to debug.

Week 4
This week I utilized claude to help me understand some coding concepts. 
I asked it to help explain creating classes and show me some examples. 
This then helped me to complete the week 04 exercises. 
I did not use claude for the actual coding in the exercises or debugging this week.

Week 5
This week I utilized claude to help me debug some of the week 5 exercises. Specifically, exercises 14 and 16.
I also utilized it to help explain some coding concepts and functions such as how and when to use a ValueError
as well as some examples. This then allowed me to include a ValueError function into some of the exercises for
this week.

Week 6
This week I utilized claude to help teach me how  to create classes and also refresh my memory on some coding concepts 
such as parsing while I was completing the weekly exercises. 
This refresher then allowed me to work on my group project as well.

Week 7 
This week I utilized chatgpt and claude to help me debug one of my side projects that helped me estimate my gpa based off of 
class grades and the UMD grading system. I also utilized claude to help explain errors to me which came up during my completion 
of the project. This helped me to map out what was needed and do necessary debugging. Furtheremore, I asked claude to give me 
examples of usuage with classes which gave me a better understanding of how I could complete the project. 

Week 8
I did not utilize AI this week for assignments. 
